Contest-specific DCP to FPGA Interchange Format Utility (#10)
Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest: README.md

Please report all issues using the GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/issues) feature, and ask questions under [Discussions](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/discussions).

---
All content in this repository except for third-party software ([Gradle](https://gradle.org)) is licensed under:
```
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
```
---

> Utilities provided:

Author: ```suggestion
Utilities:
```

> * [`net_printer`](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/tree/dcp_to_fpgaif/net_printer) -- inspect the routing of nets in a Physical Netlist.

Reviewer: Is there a reason that this links to the `dcp_to_fpgaif` branch instead of `master`?

Author: Good catch! Will fix it now.

> * [`net_printer`](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/tree/dcp_to_fpgaif/net_printer) -- inspect the routing of nets in a Physical Netlist.

Author: ```suggestion
* [`net_printer`](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/tree/master/net_printer) -- inspect the routing of nets in a Physical Netlist.
```
